dear Sam and we care I received your
package the Marines were on it like a
pack of dogs on a three-legged rabbit
package received and given to deserving
Marines on behalf of the paratroopers I
would like to thank we care the boxes
were delivered to Brown dirt covered
Marines the only thing you could see
under their goggles were there white
grins your kindness and care are helping
them it means a lot to our soldiers
thank you for sharing your time and
thoughtfulness with us thank you so much
for your support during this conflict
thank you so much and God bless very
respectfully captain eric s sergeant
major melissa l command sergeant major
king p major Tony the sergeant major
james h sergeant major john p hi my name
is Sam Sanford not retired on the
officer I'm also the chairman of we care
at all volunteer nonprofit group that
sends packages to our troops in
Afghanistan my wife Joyce that I started
we care to send these packages to truth
that's the only way we knew where we
could make a difference in the lives of
our troops we think it's extremely
important that they have physical proof
that there are people who care enough
about them and Curt up about their
comfort to actually do what we do and
send them boxes for their places some of
the troops don't have family or people
at home who can send them boxes of
things and we like to think of those
troops being able to delve into the
boxes that we sin and feel the feeling
that we have for them with the things in
the boxes and that gives us a real
feeling of accomplishment that we have
actually been able to reach out and
touch the lives of people that we've
never met but that we have great respect
and
for now we want to give more Americans
the opportunity to support our troops
they can help us put those smiles on the
faces of those troops who are living in
such a primitive and dangerous plan our
troops give so much and ask for so
little
you can help us send care packages to
our troops and you can also learn more
about us by going to our website on
behalf of our troops and everyone here
every care thank you
you